updated network restriction documentation (#2637)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/get-started/download-and-install/system-requirements.mdx

## Network Access

> FusionAuth offers instructions on downloading the MySQL JDBC driver at install time. Due to the drivers' licensing, it cannot be bundled into the application. Prior to 1.16.0, the drivers were downloaded no matter which database you used. Prior to 1.40.0, the drivers were downloaded if you are using MySQL.

Reviewer: This means that in `1.40.0` and later they must download and install the drivers even if the server has network access. Should we call that out?

Author: Good idea, done.

If you are running FusionAuth in an environment with no network access and are using MySQL, you must download the MySQL driver jar file and place it in `fusionauth-app/web/WEB-INF/lib`.

### Paid Editions

If you are using the community plan, you can block all outbound network connectivity. Lack of connectivity will not affect the product. 

> Once on a paid plan, you must enable network access to FusionAuth or your license will not function properly. You must also allow access to enable advanced features provided by FusionAuth Reactor cloud services.

Reviewer: The "you must enable" and "you must also" sounded too demanding, but it's up to you if you want to change it.
```suggestion
Once on a paid plan, you must enable network access to FusionAuth, or your license will not function properly. Advanced features provided by FusionAuth Reactor cloud services require additional outbound network access.
```

> If you are in a firewalled or restricted environment and have a paid plan, add the following hostnames to your network allow list:

Reviewer: Should we call out how each of these is used?

Author: I don't see any reason to do this. If you want to use a paid edition, you need to enable access to all three, what does it matter why?

Is there some reason I'm missing?

Reviewer: I just assume that someone is going to ask what they are used for now that the specific domains are documented. I don't think it's strictly necessary and how each is used is subject to change.
